boileau
short
when
to talk about it
it's a method
not concrete
which is not really a method
it's called accordion music
game method
I say to myself passive glasses
the pivot of war closely
here I come here I just published
this little booklet
who speaks
melodies and rhythms of accents
of underlines an ornamentation that's all the same
the sacred to music
traditional Irish
the gabon located inside m
that's saying
with her a bunch of little exercises
and the tips of what it is better to do also the examples
play
of what not to do avoid doing
so that's called
accordion music game method so if you're interested the
dismantling
interested
m do not hesitate to contact me here you are